"In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity." – Albert Einstein  
"Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions." – Dalai Lama  
"Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." – George Bernard Shaw  
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." – Nelson Mandela  
"Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it." – Charles R. Swindoll  
"Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment." – Buddha  
"Change your thoughts and you change your world." – Norman Vincent Peale  
"The purpose of our lives is to be happy." – Dalai Lama  
"You must be the change you wish to see in the world." – Mahatma Gandhi  
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step." – Lao Tzu  

"Love is not about how many days, months, or years you have been together. It’s about how much you love each other every single day." – Unknown  
"The best thing to hold onto in life is each other." – Audrey Hepburn  
"Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies." – Aristotle  
"We accept the love we think we deserve." – Stephen Chbosky  
"Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage." – Lao Tzu  
"The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved." – Victor Hugo  
"Love is not something you find. Love is something that finds you." – Loretta Young  
"The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched—they must be felt with the heart." – Helen Keller  
"To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides." – David Viscott  
"Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within." – James Baldwin  

"Happiness depends upon ourselves." – Aristotle  
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." – Steve Jobs  
"If you want to be happy, be." – Leo Tolstoy  
"Happiness is not by chance, but by choice." – Jim Rohn  
"Happiness is a direction, not a place." – Sydney J. Harris  
"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement." – Helen Keller  
"Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn’t know you left open." – John Barrymore  
"The only joy in the world is to begin." – Cesare Pavese  
"Joy is not in things; it is in us." – Richard Wagner  
"Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated." – Confucius  

"Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear." – Mark Twain  
"You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face." – Eleanor Roosevelt  
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." – Confucius  
"Bravery is not the absence of fear but the action in spite of it." – Unknown  
"A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is brave five minutes longer." – Ralph Waldo Emerson  
"Fortune favors the brave." – Virgil  
"Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will." – Mahatma Gandhi  
"Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular." – Roy T. Bennett  
"Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage." – Anaïs Nin  
"Hard times may have held you down, but they will not last forever." – Unknown  

"A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way." – John C. Maxwell  
"The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers." – Ralph Nader  
"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." – Steve Jobs  
"He who opens a school door, closes a prison." – Victor Hugo  
"Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other." – John F. Kennedy  
"Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." – Ralph Waldo Emerson  

"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." – Theodore Roosevelt  
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." – Peter Drucker  
"Dream big and dare to fail." – Norman Vaughan  
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." – William James  
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." – Winston Churchill  
"Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." – Sam Levenson  
"Opportunities don't happen. You create them." – Chris Grosser  
"Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life." – Steve Jobs  
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." – Thomas Jefferson  
"Difficulties in life are intended to make us better, not bitter." – Dan Reeves  

"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." – Vidal Sassoon  
"Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." – John D. Rockefeller  
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." – Henry David Thoreau  
"Do what you love and success will follow. Passion is the fuel behind a successful career." – Meg Whitman  
"Opportunities multiply as they are seized." – Sun Tzu  
"Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in." – Bill Bradley  
"If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission." – Unknown  
"I never dreamed about success. I worked for it." – Estée Lauder  
"Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world." – Roy T. Bennett  
"The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." – Colin R. Davis